hi i'm abby from Dork music repair
department i'm here to show you how to
change a clarinet ten o'clock with our
new tool which is perfect for removing
this barrel is very wobbly the ten
o'clock is quite loose so it needs
changing because it will leak and also
as you're playing it could come apart
and then we'll see that's not ideal
first thing you do is you take the tool
you use it like a peeler like a potato
peeler basically you dig the blade into
the cork and you just pull it around and
it should scrape the clock away
this is probably the safest way to do it
there's almost no chance of catching the
clarinet or your fingers so it's perfect
so the old quark is all up you may still
have some glue if you've got some
lighter fluid that's perfect
just remove the old glue so now you need
to measure your piece of new cork you
take your sheet a pencil and a ruler and
you measure the size that you're going
to need usually it's about a centimeter
if you make the little line on both
sides of the cork and you know you're
going to get the right size and you use
a razor blade being very careful just
run it along the lines you've made
so now you've got your piece of new cork
to wrap it round you will need to bevel
one of the edges so you just put a neat
little chop down one end so that you've
got a nice wedge shape so now you're
ready for the glue you want it all on
the underside of the cork
quite a generous amount seems to spread
it around and spread with your fingers
for an even layer not too thin and then
also a little bit just on the bevel that
you may
and you put that to one side to dry it
could take up to a minute to dry and
then it should be good to go do the same
thing put some glue on the tenon smooth
it around for them both to be touched
dry you should be able to Pat them with
your fingers okay so to glue the cork on
it's a good idea to get it in line with
the speaker key if you can it just looks
quite neat you press it in to the glue
and that should secure the end and then
it's just a case of pulling it around
and up and over your level and that will
create the nice neat edge that's
supposed to make it look almost
invisible like there's no edge at all so
if you get the glue for long enough that
should be perfectly secure now and ready
to adjust you just chop off the excess
now at this stage the barrel won't go on
because the cord is too thick so what
you need to use is this emery paper on
its fabric strip you can rip it to just
the right width to get round and again
almost an appealing action just pull it
round
okay again keep going as you're testing
obviously everyone will want their phone
clocks to be different feel different if
you're doing this for a child it's
probably a good idea to make it quite
loose but not enough so that it wobbles
ideally when the clock is dry you want
the barrel to go on about two-thirds of
the way so that is perfect and then you
apply the cork grease run it round like
you would usually and then in the new
ten o'clock thank you for watching this
video all the tools that I've used today
are available in our shop or online at
Doc's code of UK